Updated info about product key (#348)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business/upgrade-to-windows-pro-creators-update.md

     - Create an installation media using the [Media Creation Tool](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=836960) - Select this option to create a Windows 10 Pro Creators Update installation media (USB flash drive or ISO file) to install Windows 10 on a PC that's different from the one you're using.
    
        a. Read the instructions on how to use the tool and create your installation media. 

> [!Note]

> > If you have Windows devices running Windows 7 Pro, Windows 8 Pro, or Windows 8.1 Pro, your Microsoft 365 Business subscription entitles you to a Windows 10 upgrade - you don't require a Product Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have devices running Windows 7 Pro, Windows 8 Pro, or Windows 8.1 Pro, your Microsoft 365 Business subscription entitles you to a Windows 10 upgrade - you won't need a product key.
```
